students flooded the main lawn of the
Columbia University campus before dawn
setting up dozens of tents in what
they've described as a Gaza solidarity
encampment they're calling on the
university to completely divest from
Israel it say it clear we don't want no
Z here their act of protest coinciding
with University president namat shafi's
testimony before a congressional
subcommittee in Washington DC today
house Republic
the university has faced accusations of
anti-Semitism by some House Republicans
Columbia's leadership refuses to enforce
their own policies and condemn Jewish
hatred on campus creating a breeding
ground for anti-Semitism and a hot bed
of support for terrorism from
radicalized faculty and students the
University president said the vast
majority of Campus protests have been
peaceful anti-Semitism has no place on
our campus and I am personally committed
to doing everything can to confront it
directly a heavy police presence here at
Columbia University barricades have been
set up all around the campus and they
won't let Media or anyone without a
school ID beyond the gates and you can
see that some demonstrators now have
actually set up outside of the gates as
well as on
[Applause]
campus like other colleges in the United
States Colombia has seen regular
demonstrations some in support of Israel
but the loudest and most persistent have
been protests calling for a ceasefire
some Jewish students told us they feel
threatened recognizing Palestinian
suffering shouldn't negate Jewish
suffering but that's what we've seen
we've seen the dehumanization of Jews
and Israelis on campus but those who
camped on the lawn Wednesday say they're
the ones being harassed by the
university and now because of the
encampment believe they will be
suspended from school this young woman
said she was afraid to give her name or
show her face I'm afraid that the
university will uh punitively attack me
uh for participating in the Pro
Palestinian movement as they have
indiscriminately attacked students of
all ethnicities races and faiths uh who
support Palestinian Liberation
demonstrators say they won't stop
protesting as long as civilians are
dying in Gaza and until the university
ends what they describe as its
complicity in genocide Kristen salumi Al
jazer New
York make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz